In the last lecture we have learned how to display a collection of a particular results in our Jason
API and also how to pollinate it and even accept an additional parameter like how many items we would
like per page.
Now there is an error in this.
What I have shown you and it is that if there will be no per page parameters specified and will convert
that to integer.
This would result in what you can see here.
So it might.
There is no parameter here and we are specifying this per page parameter by default to be zero which
of course is wrong.
So let's so let's quickly fixed up and we'll fix would be just not to convert this result to integer
because what we want is either for it to be normal or to be 15 so that's the only way to provide the
15 R's default.
Now after saving this changes you can see that when not provided the parameter is 15 by default.
Okay.
Now let's get to the point which is that the whole point of this lecture.
How do you actually store something through the Jason API.
So now let's get to the point and first let's take a look at the store method which would be responsible
for storing this resource.
So it come up with one parameter called a request.
And as you can see this route would be the postal route.
So it accepts post HDP verb and there is one parameter called Post which means that if will define it
the lot of it will convert that to the specific object.
And this actually is a blog post.
So now we can easily store this comment and immediately attach it to the blog post.
Now let's also take a look at how we have implemented that when we were storing this comment using our
form our traditional H email forum submitted.
So we have one additional argument which is store comment and that's the last the request class that
handles the validation.
So we can also reuse that.
Also mind that in this case we'll need to import this class.
So mind that you have this import at the top.
Okay.
Everything else would also be the same except the last part.
Here we return a redirect.
And instead we'll do something else here.
So first let's based up.
So this should be enough to store our comment and attach it to a blog post.
Now how do we actually even send that.
So let's take a look.
Let's go to the postman.
We can copy this URL and open a new tab.
And here we have to change the method to post now to send some Jason we'll go to the boarded up you
choose the row so you can type the actual body and you have to specify it as Jason.
So first let's try sending empty Jason and see what happens.
So what you got back is I redirect 300 0 to and this says that it is redirecting to lot of the test.
So why this happens even though we are having the correct URL the verb and we even specify the content
type as application Jason the reason for that is when you are sending data for lateral to understand
what actually is being sent and what to return.
You need to provide another HDP header called accept and this those two headers are like the first one.
The content type is specifying what's the data type of that you will sent with the body.
So this can be text HDMI email or in our case its application Jason.
So this means we are sending Jason but this one accept is what you are accept what you are expecting
in return.
So we have to tell a lot of that.
We also expect Jason now on the after adding this header
now if you will send this empty Jason body with just this two characters.
You can see that the validation actually works and it says the content field was required.
And of course wasn't provided.
So you feel specify content but let it be invalid for now so let's say free characters and we might
remember that it has to be at least five.
The validation also works.
So the way this is set up in Lavell is it actually understands that you are sending Jason and you are
accepting accepting Jason as a response back so you can use the same methods like request input to read
the body of the Jason because you know that in pitch B to convert something let's say to an array you
would have to use either that Jason encode function or Jason decode.
So in light of all you don't have to do that it's enough if you will just use the request input.
And in this case content is just property of the Jason body.
Now we are almost at the point where we can actually store this comment but this won't work just now
because if you will provide a valid value let's see what happens.
So we actually get an exception saying trying to get proper the idea of non object.
This happens in line 40 in post comment controller.
So let's see what is this.
So line forty is we are actually getting the user from the request and trying to get the currently out
indicated user I.D..
Now remember when I said how API is and traditional websites differ in the sense of how they are authenticated.
So you know that we do not we haven't authenticated in any way to use this API so we are just sending
some requests.
Normally we would logging through a forum.
And in this case we provide no authentication formation.
So lot of things stop.
Well you are basically not authenticated and while it's right about that.
So before we can actually store this comment we will have to learn what's the basic ways that Lavell
provide to authenticate this API requests using tokens that are buying assigned to particular users.
So we'll get to that in the next lecture because it well it's not so simple.
It will take a little time to set up.
So see you in the next lecture will get the basics of authentication using API set up so that we can
store and do other things to resources that will require some authentication.